README.md, before:



# 100 Algorithms in Typescript (strongly-typed ES6 JavaScript) and Python

Derived from [Dylan's 100 Algo Course](https://www.udemy.com/100-algorithms-challenge/).

### What makes my solutions different

I created solutions in two languages. Both typescript as the course intends, and the equivolcal solution in Python. 

**This is to demonstrate my competency in multiple languages 
and the ability to translate between them with minimal effort.**

## Challenge checklist:

- [x] absoluteValuesSumMinization
- [x] add
- [x] addBorder
- [ ] addTwoDigits
- [ ] adjacentElementsProduct
- [ ] allLongestStrings
- [ ] almostIncreasingSequence
- [ ] alphabetSubSequence
- [ ] alphabeticShift
- [ ] alternatingSums
- [ ] areEquallyStrong
- [ ] areSimilar
- [ ] arrayChange
- [ ] arrayConversion
- [ ] arrayMaxConsecutiveSum
- [ ] arrayMaximalAdjacentDifference
- [ ] arrayPreviousLess
- [ ] arrayReplace
- [ ] avoidObstacles
- [ ] bishopAndPawn
- [ ] boxBlur
- [ ] candies
- [ ] caseInsensitivePalimdrome
- [ ] centuryFromYear
- [ ] characterParity
- [ ] checkPalindrome
- [ ] chessBoardCellColor
- [ ] chunkyMonkey
- [ ] circleOfNumbers
- [ ] commonCharacterCount
- [ ] companyBotStrategy
- [ ] compareIntegers
- [ ] composeRanges
- [ ] confirmEnding
- [ ] containsCloseNums
- [ ] containsDuplicates
- [ ] convertCelsiusToFahrenheit
- [ ] convertString
- [ ] crossingSum
- [ ] depositProfit
- [ ] differentSymbolsNaive
- [ ] digitDegree
- [ ] domainType
- [ ] electionWinners
- [ ] encloseInBrackets
- [ ] evenDigitsOnly
- [ ] extractEachKth
- [ ] extractMatrixColumn
- [ ] factorializeANumber
- [ ] fancyRide
- [ ] fareEstimator
- [ ] fermactor
- [ ] findClosestPair
- [ ] findEmailDomain
- [ ] firstDigit
- [ ] firstDuplicate
- [ ] firstNotRepeatingCharacter
- [ ] flattenArray
- [ ] growingPlant
- [ ] houseNumbersSum
- [ ] houseOfCats
- [ ] htmlEndTagByStartTag
- [ ] incorrectPasswordAttempts
- [ ] incrementalBackups
- [ ] integerToStringOfWixedWidth
- [ ] isLucky
- [ ] isTandemRepeat
- [ ] largestNumber
- [ ] largestOfFour
- [ ] lateRide
- [ ] launchSequenceChecker
- [ ] longestDigitsPrefix
- [ ] makeArrayConsecutive2
- [ ] matrixElementsSum
- [ ] maxMultiple
- [ ] mineSweeper
- [ ] minimalNumberOfCoins
- [ ] missingLetters
- [ ] mostFrequentDigitSum
- [ ] newNumeralSystem
- [ ] pagesNumberingWithInk
- [ ] palindromeRearranging
- [ ] pigLatin
- [ ] proCategorization
- [ ] properNounCorrection
- [ ] ratingThreshold
- [ ] reflectString
- [ ] reverseAString
- [ ] seatsInTheater
- [ ] seekAndDestroy
- [ ] shapeArea
- [ ] sortByHeight
- [ ] sortByLength
- [ ] squareDigitsSequence
- [ ] stolenLunch
- [ ] stringsConstruction
- [ ] sumAllPrimes
- [ ] sumOddFibonacciNums
- [ ] sumOfTwo
- [ ] switchLights
- [ ] tasksType
- [ ] uniqueDigitProducts
- [ ] validTime

Commit message:

improve documentation; add challenge checklist

README.md, after:



# 100 Algorithms in Typescript (strongly-typed ES6 JavaScript) and Python

Derived from [Dylan's 100 Algo Course](https://www.udemy.com/100-algorithms-challenge/).

## What makes my solutions different

- I create two solutions for each challenge:
    - both a Typescript solution as the course intends
    - and its equivolcal solution in Python
- I occasionally add extra features to increase 
    the flexibility and/or feature set of an algorithm.



**This is to demonstrate my competency in multiple languages 
and the ability to translate between them with minimal effort.**

## Challenge checklist:
**Bolded** solutions contain added flexibility/features, which are listed directly below it.

- [x] absoluteValuesSumMinization
- [x] add
- [x] **addBorder**
    - variable string lengths allowed
    - border is padded with spacing for cleaner look
- [ ] addTwoDigits
- [ ] adjacentElementsProduct
- [ ] allLongestStrings
- [ ] almostIncreasingSequence
- [ ] alphabetSubSequence
- [ ] alphabeticShift
- [ ] alternatingSums
- [ ] areEquallyStrong
- [ ] areSimilar
- [ ] arrayChange
- [ ] arrayConversion
- [ ] arrayMaxConsecutiveSum
- [ ] arrayMaximalAdjacentDifference
- [ ] arrayPreviousLess
- [ ] arrayReplace
- [ ] avoidObstacles
- [ ] bishopAndPawn
- [ ] boxBlur
- [ ] candies
- [ ] caseInsensitivePalimdrome
- [ ] centuryFromYear
- [ ] characterParity
- [ ] checkPalindrome
- [ ] chessBoardCellColor
- [ ] chunkyMonkey
- [ ] circleOfNumbers
- [ ] commonCharacterCount
- [ ] companyBotStrategy
- [ ] compareIntegers
- [ ] composeRanges
- [ ] confirmEnding
- [ ] containsCloseNums
- [ ] containsDuplicates
- [ ] convertCelsiusToFahrenheit
- [ ] convertString
- [ ] crossingSum
- [ ] depositProfit
- [ ] differentSymbolsNaive
- [ ] digitDegree
- [ ] domainType
- [ ] electionWinners
- [ ] encloseInBrackets
- [ ] evenDigitsOnly
- [ ] extractEachKth
- [ ] extractMatrixColumn
- [ ] factorializeANumber
- [ ] fancyRide
- [ ] fareEstimator
- [ ] fermactor
- [ ] findClosestPair
- [ ] findEmailDomain
- [ ] firstDigit
- [ ] firstDuplicate
- [ ] firstNotRepeatingCharacter
- [ ] flattenArray
- [ ] growingPlant
- [ ] houseNumbersSum
- [ ] houseOfCats
- [ ] htmlEndTagByStartTag
- [ ] incorrectPasswordAttempts
- [ ] incrementalBackups
- [ ] integerToStringOfWixedWidth
- [ ] isLucky
- [ ] isTandemRepeat
- [ ] largestNumber
- [ ] largestOfFour
- [ ] lateRide
- [ ] launchSequenceChecker
- [ ] longestDigitsPrefix
- [ ] makeArrayConsecutive2
- [ ] matrixElementsSum
- [ ] maxMultiple
- [ ] mineSweeper
- [ ] minimalNumberOfCoins
- [ ] missingLetters
- [ ] mostFrequentDigitSum
- [ ] newNumeralSystem
- [ ] pagesNumberingWithInk
- [ ] palindromeRearranging
- [ ] pigLatin
- [ ] proCategorization
- [ ] properNounCorrection
- [ ] ratingThreshold
- [ ] reflectString
- [ ] reverseAString
- [ ] seatsInTheater
- [ ] seekAndDestroy
- [ ] shapeArea
- [ ] sortByHeight
- [ ] sortByLength
- [ ] squareDigitsSequence
- [ ] stolenLunch
- [ ] stringsConstruction
- [ ] sumAllPrimes
- [ ] sumOddFibonacciNums
- [ ] sumOfTwo
- [ ] switchLights
- [ ] tasksType
- [ ] uniqueDigitProducts
- [ ] validTime
